README.md, before:


  
## CovidInfo  
> Yet another app that shows data for the current Covid19 pandemic    
 The data is fetched from free api hosted [here](https://covid19api.com/). Massive shoutout to the api developer: [Kyle](https://twitter.com/ksredelinghuys)  
  
### Features of the app:  
  
 1. Display summary data for the whole world  
 2. Retrofit client side caching  
 3. Display list of countries with number of cases confirmed  
 4. Search/ Filter the country list  
 5. Sort country list based on the figures 
 6. Get user's country and enable quick navigate to own country statistics  
  
#### BackLog:  
  
 - ~~Sort data in the list view for countries~~  
 - Present summary data in better graphs and/or charts  
 - Awareness and About Screen  
 - Country Detail  
 - Map Views for country detail  
  
#### Contribute :  
If you want to contribute to this project, you can open an issue, discuss it, work on it and then submit a PR.  
  
#### Screenshots:  
  
| Main Screen | Countries List  |    
|--|--|  
|![Main Screen](https://github.com/pfieffer/CovidInfo/blob/master/screenshots/1.png)  | ![Countries Screen](https://github.com/pfieffer/CovidInfo/blob/master/screenshots/2.png) |  
  
|Search| Summary |  
|--|--|  
| ![Search / Filter](https://github.com/pfieffer/CovidInfo/blob/master/screenshots/3.png) | ![Search / Filter](https://github.com/pfieffer/CovidInfo/blob/master/screenshots/sum.png) |

|Sort | Country Detail|  
|--|--|  
| ![Sort ](https://github.com/pfieffer/CovidInfo/blob/master/screenshots/5.png) | ![Search / Filter](https://github.com/pfieffer/CovidInfo/blob/master/screenshots/6.png) |

Commit message:

docs: Update README to include new summary screen

README.md, after:


  
## CovidInfo  
> Yet another app that shows data for the current Covid19 pandemic    
 The data is fetched from free api hosted [here](https://covid19api.com/). Massive shoutout to the api developer: [Kyle](https://twitter.com/ksredelinghuys)  
  
### Features of the app:  
  
 1. Display summary data for the whole world  
 2. Retrofit client side caching  
 3. Display list of countries with number of cases confirmed  
 4. Search/ Filter the country list  
 5. Sort country list based on the 3 filters: confirmed, recovered and deaths
 6. Get user's country and enable quick navigate to own country statistics
 7. Country Detail Screen for data related to a country
  
#### BackLog:  

 - Awareness and About Screen
 - Map Views for country detail  
  
#### Contribute :  
If you want to contribute to this project, you can open an issue, discuss it, work on it and then submit a PR.  
  
#### Screenshots:  
  
| Main Screen | Countries List  |    
|--|--|  
|![Main Screen](https://github.com/pfieffer/CovidInfo/blob/master/screenshots/1.png)  | ![Countries Screen](https://github.com/pfieffer/CovidInfo/blob/master/screenshots/2.png) |  
  
|Search| Summary |  
|--|--|  
| ![Search / Filter](https://github.com/pfieffer/CovidInfo/blob/master/screenshots/3.png) | ![Search / Filter](https://github.com/pfieffer/CovidInfo/blob/master/screenshots/4.png) |

|Sort | Country Detail|  
|--|--|  
| ![Sort ](https://github.com/pfieffer/CovidInfo/blob/master/screenshots/5.png) | ![Search / Filter](https://github.com/pfieffer/CovidInfo/blob/master/screenshots/6.png) |
